For God's sake, keep it down. They're about to
reveal the Number One AI Video Generator.
This year's updates to the leading AI video models
have spoiled me to the point where I no longer
expect things to just be "good enough for AI" .
I want the best results money can buy. I want
my footage to be so realistic that it makes
people laugh, cry, or feel genuine fear. I
want as little "AI look" in my AI as possible. Let's
see which video model can actually deliver that.
I tested four models that have either been updated
or have just emerged on the scene over the last three
months. Seedance 2.0, Kling 3.0, the new kid on
the block - Happy Horse, and the very recently
released Veo 4 Omni. But I'll tell you more about
Veo 4 in the second part of this video. All scenes
were shot using the image-to-video method or
the Omni function. Every shot was generated
on the Imagine.art platform, the sponsor
of this video, except for the Veo 4 Omni footage -
this model would soon be integrated into
the platform as well. The rules were simple:
the exact same prompts with a maximum of two
generations per model. I decided to crown a winner
across five categories: Best acting performance,
Best lip-sync performance, Best micro-expressions,
Best prompt adherence, and Best physics. Grab
your coffee and let's see who takes the crown
in each category. Prompt adherence. The more
complex the camera movement we request, the
more difficult it is for these models to follow
our intentions precisely. Here's a clear example.
Seedance executed our exact prompt
instructions. Others not so much.
Acting. Here's an emotionally intense scene that
showcases some truly exceptional acting nuance.
It doesn't hurt that you left. It hurts
that you practiced that face for years.
And the award goes to Kling. What really caught
my attention was the nervous blinking of her
eyes and the incredibly realistic hand physics
when she missed her intended grip and grace the
table on the descent. Great lip sync, by the way.
Acting. This scene not only highlights the acting
performance, but also stress tests the model's
ability to handle complex mirror reflections.
You don't have to finish it.
There won't be a wedding.
The dress doesn't know you're afraid. It's not fear.
You don't have to finish it. There won't be a
wedding. The dress doesn't know you're afraid.
It's not fear. In that case, stand up straight.
Fear and shame always hunt a person the same way.
You don't have to finish it. There won't be a
wedding. The dress doesn't know you're afraid.
Unfraid. It's not fear. In case fear and shame
always hunch a person the same way. You don't
have to finish it. There won't be a wedding. The
dress doesn't know you're afraid. It's not fear.
In that case, stand up straight. Fear and shame
always hunch a person the same way.
This time, the award goes to Seedance. I especially appreciated
how the tailor addresses the bride's reflection
in the mirror instead of looking at her directly.
It's a beautifully cinematic sequence.
Lip-sync. We created this next scene specifically to test
dialogue lip- ync.
Was this the worst wedding in the history of this hotel? But the first one where
the bride left with the photographer. At least the
photos will be honest. You're still laughing.
Was this the worst wedding in the history of
this hotel? No, but the first one where the bride
left with the photographer. At least the photos
will be honest. You're still laughing. That's
good.
Was this the worst wedding in the historyof this hotel? No, but the first one where the bride left with the photographer. At least the
photos will be honest. You're still laughing.
That's good.
Was this the worst wedding in the history of this hotel? No. But the first one wherethe bride left with the photographer. At least
the photos will be honest. You're still laughing.
The the top spot for lips-sync goes to Seedance
followed by Veo 4 Omni.
Micro-Expressions. Now let's
focus on the Holy Grail of screen acting:
these little face muscle or eyes movements that can
tell us so much if performed with finesse.
Both Veo and Kling failed to follow the
prompt as the soldier was supposed to refrain
from firing his weapon after a brief
moment of hesitation. Seedance nailed itperfectly.
Micro-expressions. You need to focus
on that short moment when a politician is being
asked a tough question and has to make a quick
decision whether to tell the truth or lie.
Did you authorize the transfer before the report was
buried? That is a completely false accusation.
Did you authorize the transfer
before the report was buried?
That is a completely false accusation.
Did you authorize the transfer beforethe report was buried? That is
a completely false accusation.
Did you authorize the transfer
before the report was buried?
That is a completely false accusation.
Theaward goes to Seedance again. This time wehad to use Veo 3.1 as the policy filters inVeo 4 Omni didn't allow us to generate thisscene.
Physics. Now on to physics. Whichmodel delivers the most realistic motion?
The win goes to Seedance once again for the most
realistic performance in my opinion.
Physics. We decided to stage a kung-fu fight scene
with a...little twist. I hope you'll enjoy it.
As you probably noticed, Veo 4 Omni took this pillow
fight a tad too seriously. In my opinion, Seedancewins this round.
All right, let's let the dustsettle, take a deep breath, and process everything
we just witnessed. A few quick clarifications are
in order. First of all, Veo 4 Omni is the only model
in this shootout limited strictly to 10 seconds
shot, whereas the other contenders offer up
to 15 seconds of duration. While 10 seconds is
still better than 8 seconds we had with Veo 3.1
and might be perfectly fine for a TikTok clip,
it gives any film director or editor a massive
headache when pacing a proper narrative film. But
honestly, I don't care what technical constraints
Veo might have for capping clips at 10 seconds, and
I certainly wasn't going to bottleneck the other
models just to level the playing field for them.
Secondly, as always, we allowed only one or two
generation attempts uh per scene for each model.
The prompts were specific and detailed enough that
a mature model should deliver exactly what we
wanted without forcing us to develop calluses
from spamming the "generate" button. Last but not
least, I'm a huge advocate for hybrid workflows.
You should absolutely deploy a high-end, more
expensive model for your critical narrative
moments like close-up dialogue or a subtle micro
expressions and then jump to a different engine
for, say, a wide-angle car chase sequence. Sometimes
the choice is driven by budget constraints. Other
times, a specific model is simply better suited for
a particular type of shot physics. All right. So,
which model gets our official stamp of approval?
If we are focusing strictly on raw quality
regardless of the cost, the definitive winner
is Seedance 2.0. Seedance is relatively expensive
to operate and has its fair share of quirks, but
in my opinion, it remains the gold standard. Kling
3.0 clearly had problems with following
complex prompts and with lip-sync, although I liked
the acting scene very much. Happy Horse offers the
aesthetics I just don't like. It's too "AI plastic"
and smoothed out. Now, let's talk about Veo 4 Omni
released just a few days ago. First of all,
the improvement over 3.1 version is visible.
The overall aesthetics are much better. The
acting has improved and it's pretty good, too.
Two issues we spotted which are actually quite
serious. Veo 4 on many occasions had a problem
with lip-sync and also didn't follow the prompt,
especially when we asked for slightly more
complex camera motion. One thing worth noting:
the Omni function here is much more than just a
chance to use reference items. Veo 4 Omni offers a
lot of additional editing functionalities like
iterative video editing with preserved content,
video remixing or conversational videography
direction. But at the end of the day, it all comes
down to how good the outcome is, not how easy it
was to produce. As the audience doesn't care much
about the process, they care about the result. And
at least for now, nothing beats Seedance 2.0
in this department. Some news for you. While
we were producing this video, Imagine Art, the
platform we used to generate most of the today's
footage, dropped an interesting new feature called
Film Studio. We managed to grab early access and
after spending some time playing around in this
new environment, I think you should try it too.
Film Studio provides intuitive high-speed controls
designed to streamline the entire cinematic
pipeline. It allows you to select specific camera
bodies, focal lengths, camera movements, timing,
depth of field, and reference assets natively,
completely removing the need to overdescribe
these technical parameters in your text prompt.
We are going to give it a proper run and
shoot an entire upcoming project inside this
environment and I'll break down both the final
results and the complete workflow in a future
video. If you found this shootout insightful
or entertaining, please hit like, subscribe,
and turn on the notification bell so you don't
miss that upcoming breakdown. See you next time!